docs: marshmallow upgrade guide (#3960)
inveniosoftware/invenio: docs/tutorials/upgrade-marshmallow.rst

package. Webargs in version 5.4.0 is compatible with Marshmallow 3.x.

The biggest change is the return type of ``Schema().dump()``,
``Schema().load()``, ``Schema().dumps()`` and ``Schema().loads()``.
They do not return the ``(data, errors)`` named tuple
and the ``ValidationError`` is raised instead.
In this case if you were using ``.errors`` attribute, it will no longer work
- you need to implement your own handlers for the type
``marshmallow.ValidationError``.
Alternatively by doing ``Schema.validate()`` you can still get a list
of the errors, an example is
located in the `Marshmallow documentation <https://marshmallow.readthedocs.io/en/3.0/quickstart.html#schema-validate>`_.

Other significant changes and solutions:

- ``ValidationError`` is the Exception raised when marshmallow encounters an
   error during the validation, since the ValidationError is raised listing
   all the errors you can catch the Exception and then process them as a
   dictionary to mimic the previous behaviour.

- ``Unknown field.`` indicates that your schema is trying to validate
  data containing a field which was not defined in the schema.

>   You can either add this field to the schema or use the ``uknown``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can either add this field to the schema or use the ``unknown`` option
```

  of the `Schema options <https://marshmallow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api_reference.html#marshmallow.Schema.Meta>`_
  to restore the previous, non-strict, behaviour.

- ``Not a valid type.`` indicates that the field has data of
  a different type than defined in the schema.

- ``Missing field.`` indicates that a field defined as required
  is missing from the data.
- ``JSON object has no attribute data``
  Marshmallow schema provides methods ``.dump(..)``, ``.dumps(..)``
  which no longer return namedtuple of ``(data, errors)``.

>   They return json object only (formerly ``data``). All the errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  They return the json object only (formerly ``data``) and all the errors
```
